!=, Operator
$pby, Operator
$pdwo, Operator
$ppoi, Operator
$pqwo, Operator
$pwo, Operator
%, Operator
+, Operator
",", Delimiter
-, Operator
.186, Directive
.286, Directive
.286c, Directive
.286p, Directive
.287, Directive
.386, Directive
.386p, Directive
.387, Directive
.486, Directive
.486c, Directive
.486p, Directive
.586, Directive
.586p, Directive
.686, Directive
.686p, Directive
.8086, Directive
.8087, Directive
.alpha, Directive
.break, Instruction
.breakif, Instruction
.code, Directive
.const, Directive
.continue, Instruction
.cref, Directive
.data, Directive
.dosseg, Directive
.else, Instruction
.elseif, Instruction
.endif, Instruction
.err, Directive
.err1, Directive
.err2, Directive
.errb, Directive
.errdef, Directive
.errdif, Directive
.erre, Directive
.exit, Instruction
.fardata, Directive
.if, Instruction
.k3d, Directive
.lall, Directive
.lfcond, Directive
.list, Directive
.mmx, Directive
.model, Directive
.msfloat, Directive
.nocref, Directive
.nolist, Directive
.nolistmacro, Directive
.radix, Directive
.repeat, Instruction
.sall, Directive
.seq, Directive
.sfcond, Directive
.stack, Directive
.startup, Instruction
.type, Directive
.until, Instruction
.untilcxz, Instruction
.while, Instruction
.xall, Directive
.xcref, Directive
.xlist, Directive
.xmm, Directive
<, Operator
<<, Operator
<=, Operator
=, Operator
==, Operator
>, Operator
>=, Operator
>>, Operator
>>>, Operator
a, Register
aaa, Instruction
aad, Instruction
aam, Instruction
aas, Instruction
ac, Register
acall, Instruction
acc, Register
adc, Instruction
adccon1, Register
adccon2, Register
adccon3, Register
adcdatah, Register
adcdatal, Register
adcgainh, Register
adcgainl, Register
adci, Register
adcofsh, Register
adcofsl, Register
add, Instruction
addc, Instruction
addpd, Instruction
addps, Instruction
addr, Directive
addsd, Instruction
addss, Instruction
addsubpd, Instruction
addsubps, Instruction
ah, Register
ajmp, Instruction
al, Keyword
align, Directive
and, Instruction
andnpd, Instruction
andnps, Instruction
andpd, Instruction
andps, Instruction
anl, Instruction
arg, Directive
arpl, Instruction
assign, Directive
assume, Directive
at, Directive
ax, Register
b, Register
basic, Directive
bh, Register
bic, Instruction
bit, Instruction
bkpt, Instruction
bl, Register
blendpd, Instruction
blendps, Instruction
blendvpd, Instruction
blendvps, Instruction
blx, Instruction
bound, Instruction
bp, Register
bpl, Register
bsf, Instruction
bsr, Instruction
bswap, Instruction
bt, Instruction
btc, Instruction
btr, Instruction
bts, Instruction
bx, Register
bxj, Instruction
by, Operator
byte, Directive
c, Directive
call, Instruction
callf, Instruction
cap2, Register
carry, Register
casemap, Directive
catstr, Directive
cbegin, Control
cbw, Instruction
ccall, Control
cconv, Register
cdp, Instruction
cdp2, Instruction
cdq, Instruction
cend, Control
cfg832, Register
ch, Register
chipid, Register
cjne, Instruction
cl, Register
clc, Instruction
cld, Instruction
clflush, Instruction
cli, Instruction
clr, Instruction
clts, Instruction
clz, Instruction
cmc, Instruction
cmn, Instruction
cmov, Instruction
cmova, Instruction
cmovae, Instruction
cmovb, Instruction
cmovbe, Instruction
cmovc, Instruction
cmove, Instruction
cmovg, Instruction
cmovge, Instruction
cmovl, Instruction
cmovle, Instruction
cmovna, Instruction
cmovnae, Instruction
cmovnb, Instruction
cmovnbe, Instruction
cmovnc, Instruction
cmovne, Instruction
cmovng, Instruction
cmovnge, Instruction
cmovnl, Instruction
cmovnle, Instruction
cmovno, Instruction
cmovnp, Instruction
cmovns, Instruction
cmovnz, Instruction
cmovo, Instruction
cmovp, Instruction
cmovpe, Instruction
cmovpo, Instruction
cmovs, Instruction
cmovz, Instruction
cmp, Instruction
cmpeqps, Instruction
cmpeqss, Instruction
cmpleps, Instruction
cmpless, Instruction
cmpltps, Instruction
cmpltss, Instruction
cmpneqps, Instruction
cmpneqss, Instruction
cmpnleps, Instruction
cmpnless, Instruction
cmpnltps, Instruction
cmpnltss, Instruction
cmpordps, Instruction
cmpordss, Instruction
cmppd, Instruction
cmpps, Instruction
cmps, Instruction
cmpsb, Instruction
cmpsd, Instruction
cmpss, Instruction
cmpsw, Instruction
cmpunordps, Instruction
cmpunordss, Instruction
cmpxchg, Instruction
cmpxchg8b, Instruction
cnt2, Register
code, Directive
codeptr, Directive
codeseg, Directive
codesize, Directive
comisd, Instruction
comiss, Instruction
comm, Directive
comment, Directive
common, Directive
compact, Directive
cond, Directive
const, Keyword
cpha, Register
cpl, Instruction
cpol, Register
cproc, Control
cps, Instruction
cpsr, Register
cpsr_c, Register
cpsr_cxsf, Register
cpu, Directive
cpuid, Instruction
cpy, Instruction
cr0, Register
cr1, Register
cr2, Register
cr3, Register
cr4, Register
cr5, Register
cr6, Register
cr7, Register
cr8, Register
createseg, Keyword
cs, Register
cs0, Register
cs1, Register
cs2, Register
cs3, Register
cseg, Instruction
curseg, Directive
cvtdq2pd, Instruction
cvtdq2ps, Instruction
cvtpd2dq, Instruction
cvtpd2pi, Instruction
cvtpd2ps, Instruction
cvtpi2pd, Instruction
cvtpi2ps, Instruction
cvtps2dq, Instruction
cvtps2pd, Instruction
cvtps2pi, Instruction
cvtsd2si, Instruction
cvtsd2ss, Instruction
cvtsi2sd, Instruction
cvtsi2ss, Instruction
cvtss2sd, Instruction
cvtss2si, Instruction
cvttpd2dq, Instruction
cvttpd2pi, Instruction
cvttps2dq, Instruction
cvttps2pi, Instruction
cvttss2si, Instruction
cwd, Instruction
cwde, Instruction
cx, Register
cy, Register
d0, Register
d0en, Register
d1, Register
d1en, Register
daa, Instruction
dac0h, Register
dac0l, Register
dac1h, Register
dac1l, Register
daccon, Register
das, Instruction
data, Directive
dataptr, Directive
datasize, Directive
date, Directive
db, Instruction
dbit, Instruction
dcon, Register
dd, Directive
dec, Instruction
define, Directive
dev, Instruction
df, Directive
dh, Register
di, Register
dil, Register
div, Instruction
divpd, Instruction
divps, Instruction
divsd, Instruction
divss, Instruction
djnz, Instruction
dl, Register
dma, Register
dmah, Register
dmal, Register
dmap, Register
dosseg, Directive
dpcon, Register
dph, Register
dpl, Register
dpp, Register
dppd, Instruction
dpps, Instruction
dq, Directive
dr0, Register
dr1, Register
dr2, Register
dr3, Register
dr4, Register
dr5, Register
dr6, Register
dr7, Register
ds, Register
dseg, Instruction
dt, Directive
dup, Directive
dw, Instruction
dwo, Operator
dword, Directive
dx, Register
ea, Register
eadc, Register
eadrh, Register
eadrl, Register
eax, Register
ebp, Register
ebx, Register
echo, Directive
econ, Register
ecx, Register
edata1, Register
edata2, Register
edata3, Register
edata4, Register
edi, Register
eds, Keyword
edx, Register
efer, Register
eflags, Register
eip, Register
elif, Directive
else, Directive
elseif, Directive
elseifdef, Directive
elseifidn, Directive
elseifidni, Directive
emms, Instruction
end, Directive
endif, Directive
endm, Directive
endmacro, Directive
endp, Directive
endrep, Directive
ends, Directive
endstruc, Directive
enter, Instruction
environ, Directive
eor, Instruction
epilogue, Directive
epiloguedef, Directive
eq, Directive
equ, Directive
error, Directive
es, Register
esc, Instruction
esi, Register
esp, Register
et0, Register
et1, Register
et2, Register
even, Directive
ex0, Register
ex1, Register
exen2, Register
exf2, Register
exitm, Directive
export, Directive
expr32, Directive
ext0, Register
ext1, Register
ext2, Register
ext3, Register
ext4, Register
ext5, Register
ext6, Register
ext7, Register
extb0, Register
extb1, Register
extb2, Register
extb3, Register
extern, Directive
externdef, Directive
extractps, Instruction
extrn, Directive
f, Register
f0, Register
f1, Register
f2xm1, Instruction
fabs, Instruction
fadd, Instruction
faddp, Instruction
far, Directive
far16, Directive
far32, Directive
fardata, Directive
farstack, Directive
fbld, Instruction
fbstp, Instruction
fchs, Instruction
fclex, Instruction
fcmov, Instruction
fcmovb, Instruction
fcmovbe, Instruction
fcmove, Instruction
fcmovnb, Instruction
fcmovnbe, Instruction
fcmovne, Instruction
fcmovnu, Instruction
fcmovu, Instruction
fcom, Instruction
fcomi, Instruction
fcomip, Instruction
fcomp, Instruction
fcompp, Instruction
fcos, Instruction
fdecstp, Instruction
fdiv, Instruction
fdivp, Instruction
fdivr, Instruction
fdivrp, Instruction
femms, Instruction
ffree, Instruction
fiadd, Instruction
ficom, Instruction
ficomp, Instruction
fidiv, Instruction
fidivr, Instruction
fild, Instruction
filename, Directive
__file__, Directive
fimul, Instruction
fincstp, Instruction
finit, Instruction
fist, Instruction
fistp, Instruction
fisttp, Instruction
fisub, Instruction
fisubr, Instruction
flat, Directive
fld, Instruction
fld1, Instruction
fldcw, Instruction
fldenv, Instruction
fldl2e, Instruction
fldl2t, Instruction
fldlg2, Instruction
fldln2, Instruction
fldpi, Instruction
fldz, Instruction
fly2x, Instruction
fly2xp1, Instruction
fmul, Instruction
fmulp, Instruction
fnclex, Instruction
fninit, Instruction
fnop, Instruction
fnsave, Instruction
fnstcw, Instruction
fnstenv, Instruction
fnstsw, Instruction
for, Directive
forc, Directive
fortran, Directive
fpatan, Instruction
fpr0, Register
fpr1, Register
fpr2, Register
fpr3, Register
fpr4, Register
fpr5, Register
fpr6, Register
fpr7, Register
fprem, Instruction
fprem1, Instruction
fptan, Instruction
fqrt, Instruction
frndint, Instruction
frstor, Instruction
fs, Register
fsave, Instruction
fscale, Instruction
fsin, Instruction
fsincos, Instruction
fsqrt, Instruction
fst, Instruction
fstcw, Instruction
fstenv, Instruction
fstp, Instruction
fstsw, Instruction
fsub, Instruction
fsubp, Instruction
fsubr, Instruction
fsubrb, Instruction
fsubrp, Instruction
ftst, Instruction
fucom, Instruction
fucomi, Instruction
fucomip, Instruction
fucomp, Instruction
fucompp, Instruction
fwait, Instruction
fword, Directive
fxam, Instruction
fxch, Instruction
fxrstor, Instruction
fxsave, Instruction
fxtract, Instruction
fyl2x, Instruction
gdtr, Register
ge, Directive
getsec, Instruction
global, Directive
goto, Directive
group, Directive
gs, Register
gt, Directive
haddpd, Instruction
haddps, Instruction
hi, Operator
high, Directive
highword, Directive
hint_nop, Instruction
hlt, Instruction
hour, Register
hsubpd, Instruction
hsubps, Instruction
hthsec, Register
huge, Directive
i2cadd, Register
i2ccon, Register
i2cdat, Register
i2ci, Register
i2cm, Register
i2crs, Register
i2ctx, Register
icebp, Instruction
idata, Instruction
ideal, Directive
idiv, Instruction
idtr, Register
ie, Register
ie0, Register
ie1, Register
ieip2, Register
iend, Directive
if, Directive
if1, Directive
if2, Directive
ifb, Directive
ifdef, Directive
ifdif, Directive
ifdifi, Directive
ife, Directive
ifid, Directive
ifidn, Directive
ifidni, Directive
ifnb, Directive
ifndef, Directive
ifnum, Directive
ifstr, Directive
imul, Instruction
in, Instruction
inc, Instruction
incbin, Directive
include, Directive
includelib, Directive
ins, Instruction
insb, Instruction
insd, Instruction
insertps, Instruction
instr, Directive
insw, Instruction
int, Keyword
int0, Register
int1, Register
integer, Directive
interface, Directive
into, Instruction
intval, Register
invd, Instruction
invept, Instruction
invlpg, Instruction
invoke, Instruction
invvpid, Instruction
ip, Register
iret, Instruction
iretd, Instruction
irp, Directive
irpc, Directive
iseg, Instruction
ispi, Register
istruc, Directive
it0, Register
it1, Register
ja, Instruction
jae, Instruction
jb, Instruction
jbc, Instruction
jbe, Instruction
jc, Instruction
jcxz, Instruction
je, Instruction
jecxz, Instruction
jg, Instruction
jge, Instruction
jl, Instruction
jle, Instruction
jmp, Instruction
jmpf, Instruction
jna, Instruction
jnae, Instruction
jnb, Instruction
jnbe, Instruction
jnc, Instruction
jne, Instruction
jng, Instruction
jnge, Instruction
jnl, Instruction
jnle, Instruction
jno, Instruction
jnp, Instruction
jns, Instruction
jnz, Instruction
jo, Instruction
jp, Instruction
jpe, Instruction
jpo, Instruction
jrcxz, Instruction
js, Instruction
jumps, Directive
jz, Instruction
label, Directive
lahf, Instruction
lar, Instruction
large, Directive
lcall, Instruction
ldc, Instruction
ldc2, Instruction
lddqu, Instruction
ldm, Instruction
ldmxcsr, Instruction
ldr, Instruction
ldrb, Instruction
ldrbt, Instruction
ldrd, Instruction
ldrex, Instruction
ldrh, Instruction
ldrsb, Instruction
ldrsh, Instruction
ldrt, Instruction
lds, Instruction
ldtr, Register
le, Directive
lea, Instruction
leave, Keyword
length, Directive
lengthof, Directive
les, Instruction
lfence, Instruction
lfs, Instruction
lgdt, Instruction
lgs, Instruction
lidt, Instruction
__line__, Directive
listing, Directive
ljmp, Instruction
lldt, Instruction
lmsw, Instruction
local, Directive
locals, Directive
lock, Instruction
lods, Instruction
lodsb, Instruction
lodsd, Instruction
lodsw, Instruction
loop, Instruction
loope, Instruction
loopne, Instruction
loopnz, Instruction
loopz, Instruction
low, Directive
lowword, Directive
lr, Register
lroffset, Directive
lsl, Instruction
lss, Instruction
lt, Directive
ltr, Instruction
macro, Directive
mask, Directive
maskmovdqu, Instruction
maskmovq, Instruction
masm, Directive
masm51, Directive
maxpd, Instruction
maxps, Instruction
maxsd, Instruction
maxss, Instruction
mco, Register
mcr, Instruction
mcr2, Instruction
mcrr, Instruction
mcrr2, Instruction
mde, Register
mdi, Register
mdo, Register
medium, Directive
memory, Directive
mfence, Instruction
min, Register
minpd, Instruction
minps, Instruction
minsd, Instruction
minss, Instruction
mla, Instruction
mm, Register
mm0, Register
mm1, Register
mm2, Register
mm2word, Directive
mm3, Register
mm4, Register
mm5, Register
mm6, Register
mm7, Register
mmword, Directive
mmx0, Register
mmx1, Register
mmx2, Register
mmx3, Register
mmx4, Register
mmx5, Register
mmx6, Register
mmx7, Register
mod, Operator
model, Directive
monitor, Instruction
mov, Instruction
movapd, Instruction
movaps, Instruction
movbe, Instruction
movc, Instruction
movd, Instruction
movddup, Instruction
movdf, Instruction
movdq2q, Instruction
movdqa, Instruction
movdqu, Instruction
movdt, Instruction
movhlps, Instruction
movhpd, Instruction
movhps, Instruction
movlhps, Instruction
movlpd, Instruction
movlps, Instruction
movmskpd, Instruction
movmskps, Instruction
movntdq, Instruction
movntdqa, Instruction
movnti, Instruction
movntpd, Instruction
movntps, Instruction
movntq, Instruction
movq, Instruction
movq2dq, Instruction
movs, Instruction
movsb, Instruction
movsd, Instruction
movshdup, Instruction
movsldup, Instruction
movss, Instruction
movsw, Instruction
movsx, Instruction
movupd, Instruction
movups, Instruction
movx, Instruction
movzx, Instruction
mpsadbw, Instruction
mrc, Instruction
mrc2, Instruction
mrrc, Instruction
mrrc2, Instruction
mrs, Instruction
msr, Instruction
mul, Instruction
mulpd, Instruction
mulps, Instruction
mulsd, Instruction
mulss, Instruction
multerrs, Directive
mvn, Instruction
mwait, Instruction
name, Directive
near, Directive
near32, Directive
neg, Instruction
nle, Directive
nokeyword, Directive
nolist, Directive
noljmp, Directive
nolocals, Directive
nomasm51, Directive
none, Directive
nonunique, Directive
nop, Instruction
noscoped, Directive
nosmart, Directive
not, Operator
nothing, Directive
offset, Directive
oio, Instruction
opattr, Directive
option, Directive
or, Operator
org, Instruction
orl, Instruction
orpd, Instruction
orps, Instruction
orr, Instruction
out, Directive
outs, Instruction
outsb, Instruction
outsd, Instruction
outsw, Instruction
ov, Register
overflow, Register
p, Register
p0, Register
p1, Register
p2, Register
p3, Register
pabsb, Instruction
pabsd, Instruction
pabsw, Instruction
packssdw, Instruction
packsswb, Instruction
packusdw, Instruction
packuswb, Instruction
padc, Register
paddb, Instruction
paddd, Instruction
paddq, Instruction
paddsb, Instruction
paddsw, Instruction
paddusb, Instruction
paddusw, Instruction
paddw, Instruction
page, Directive
palignr, Instruction
pand, Instruction
pandn, Instruction
para, Directive
parity, Register
pascal, Directive
pause, Instruction
pavgb, Instruction
pavgusb, Instruction
pavgw, Instruction
pblendvb, Instruction
pblendw, Instruction
pcmpeqb, Instruction
pcmpeqd, Instruction
pcmpeqq, Instruction
pcmpeqw, Instruction
pcmpestri, Instruction
pcmpestrm, Instruction
pcmpgtb, Instruction
pcmpgtd, Instruction
pcmpgtq, Instruction
pcmpgtw, Instruction
pcmpistri, Instruction
pcmpistrm, Instruction
pcon, Register
pextrb, Instruction
pextrd, Instruction
pextrq, Instruction
pextrw, Instruction
pf2id, Instruction
pfacc, Instruction
pfadd, Instruction
pfcmpeq, Instruction
pfcmpge, Instruction
pfcmpgt, Instruction
pfmax, Instruction
pfmin, Instruction
pfmul, Instruction
pfrcp, Instruction
pfrcpit1, Instruction
pfrcpit2, Instruction
pfrsqrt, Instruction
pfsqit1, Instruction
pfsub, Instruction
pfsubr, Instruction
phaddd, Instruction
phaddsw, Instruction
phaddw, Instruction
phminposuw, Instruction
phsubd, Instruction
phsubsw, Instruction
phsubw, Instruction
pi2fd, Instruction
pinsrb, Instruction
pinsrd, Instruction
pinsrq, Instruction
pinsrw, Instruction
pkh, Instruction
pld, Instruction
pllcon, Register
pmaddubsw, Instruction
pmaddwd, Instruction
pmaxsb, Instruction
pmaxsd, Instruction
pmaxsw, Instruction
pmaxub, Instruction
pmaxud, Instruction
pmaxuw, Instruction
pminsb, Instruction
pminsd, Instruction
pminsw, Instruction
pminub, Instruction
pminud, Instruction
pminuw, Instruction
pmovmskb, Instruction
pmovsxbd, Instruction
pmovsxbq, Instruction
pmovsxbw, Instruction
pmovsxdq, Instruction
pmovsxwd, Instruction
pmovsxwq, Instruction
pmovzxbd, Instruction
pmovzxbq, Instruction
pmovzxbw, Instruction
pmovzxdq, Instruction
pmovzxwd, Instruction
pmovzxwq, Instruction
pmuldq, Instruction
pmulhrsw, Instruction
pmulhrw, Instruction
pmulhuw, Instruction
pmulhw, Instruction
pmulld, Instruction
pmullw, Instruction
pmuludq, Instruction
poi, Operator
pop, Directive
popa, Instruction
popad, Instruction
popcnt, Instruction
popcontext, Directive
popf, Instruction
popfd, Instruction
por, Instruction
pre0, Register
pre1, Register
pre2, Register
pre3, Register
prefetch, Instruction
prefetchnta, Instruction
prefetcht0, Instruction
prefetcht1, Instruction
prefetcht2, Instruction
prefetchw, Instruction
private, Directive
proc, Directive
prologue, Directive
prologuedef, Directive
proto, Directive
ps, Register
psadbw, Instruction
pshufb, Instruction
pshufd, Instruction
pshufhw, Instruction
pshuflw, Instruction
pshufw, Instruction
psi, Register
psignb, Instruction
psignd, Instruction
psignw, Instruction
pslld, Instruction
pslldq, Instruction
psllq, Instruction
psllw, Instruction
psmcon, Register
psrad, Instruction
psraw, Instruction
psrld, Instruction
psrldq, Instruction
psrlq, Instruction
psrlw, Instruction
psubb, Instruction
psubd, Instruction
psubq, Instruction
psubsb, Instruction
psubsw, Instruction
psubusb, Instruction
psubusw, Instruction
psubw, Instruction
psw, Register
pt0, Register
pt1, Register
pt2, Register
ptest, Instruction
ptr, Directive
public, Directive
publicdll, Directive
punpckhbw, Instruction
punpckhdq, Instruction
punpckhqdq, Instruction
punpckhwd, Instruction
punpcklbw, Instruction
punpckldq, Instruction
punpcklqdq, Instruction
punpcklwd, Instruction
purge, Directive
push, Directive
pusha, Instruction
pushad, Instruction
pushcontext, Directive
pushf, Instruction
pushfd, Instruction
pushw, Instruction
pwm0h, Register
pwm0l, Register
pwm1h, Register
pwm1l, Register
pwmcon, Register
pword, Directive
px0, Register
px1, Register
pxor, Instruction
qadd, Instruction
qadd16, Instruction
qadd8, Instruction
qaddsubx, Instruction
qdadd, Instruction
qdsub, Instruction
qsub, Instruction
qsub16, Instruction
qsub8, Instruction
qsubaddx, Instruction
quirks, Directive
qwo, Operator
qword, Directive
r0, Register
r1, Register
r10, Register
r10b, Register
r10d, Register
r10w, Register
r11, Register
r11b, Register
r11d, Register
r11w, Register
r12, Register
r12b, Register
r12d, Register
r12w, Register
r13, Register
r13b, Register
r13d, Register
r13w, Register
r14, Register
r14b, Register
r14d, Register
r14w, Register
r15, Register
r15b, Register
r15d, Register
r15w, Register
r2, Register
r3, Register
r4, Register
r5, Register
r6, Register
r7, Register
r8, Register
r8b, Register
r8d, Register
r8w, Register
r9, Register
r9b, Register
r9d, Register
r9w, Register
rax, Register
rb8, Register
rbp, Register
rbx, Register
rcap2h, Register
rcap2l, Register
rcl, Instruction
rclk, Register
rcpps, Instruction
rcpss, Instruction
rcr, Instruction
rcx, Register
rd, Register
rdi, Register
rdmsr, Instruction
rdpmc, Instruction
rdtsc, Instruction
rdtscp, Instruction
rdx, Register
readonly, Directive
real10, Directive
real4, Directive
real8, Directive
record, Directive
ren, Register
rep, Directive
repe, Instruction
repne, Instruction
repnz, Instruction
rept, Directive
repz, Instruction
req, Directive
resb, Directive
resd, Directive
resq, Directive
resw, Directive
ret, Instruction
retf, Instruction
reti, Instruction
retn, Instruction
rev, Instruction
rfe, Instruction
rflags, Register
ri, Register
rip, Register
rl, Instruction
rlc, Instruction
rol, Instruction
ror, Instruction
roundpd, Instruction
roundps, Instruction
roundsd, Instruction
roundss, Instruction
rr, Instruction
rrc, Instruction
rs0, Register
rs1, Register
rsb, Instruction
rsc, Instruction
rsdc, Instruction
rsi, Register
rsldt, Instruction
rsm, Instruction
rsp, Register
rsqrtps, Instruction
rsqrtss, Instruction
rsts, Instruction
rxd, Register
sadd, Instruction
sahf, Instruction
sal, Instruction
salc, Instruction
sar, Instruction
sbb, Instruction
sbc, Instruction
sbegin, Control
sbuf, Register
sbyte, Directive
scas, Instruction
scasb, Instruction
scasd, Instruction
scasw, Instruction
scon, Register
sconv, Register
sdword, Directive
sec, Register
section, Directive
seg, Directive
segment, Directive
sel, Instruction
send, Control
seta, Instruction
setae, Instruction
setalc, Instruction
setb, Instruction
setbe, Instruction
setc, Instruction
sete, Instruction
setend, Instruction
setg, Instruction
setge, Instruction
setl, Instruction
setle, Instruction
setna, Instruction
setnae, Instruction
setnb, Instruction
setnbe, Instruction
setnc, Instruction
setne, Instruction
setng, Instruction
setnge, Instruction
setnl, Instruction
setnle, Instruction
setno, Instruction
setnp, Instruction
setns, Instruction
setnz, Instruction
seto, Instruction
setp, Instruction
setpe, Instruction
setpo, Instruction
sets, Instruction
setz, Instruction
sfence, Instruction
sgdt, Instruction
shadd, Instruction
shl, Instruction
shld, Instruction
short, Directive
shr, Instruction
shrd, Instruction
shsub, Instruction
shufpd, Instruction
shufps, Instruction
si, Register
sidt, Instruction
sign, Register
sil, Register
size, Directive
sizeof, Directive
sizestr, Directive
sjmp, Instruction
sldt, Instruction
sm0, Register
sm1, Register
sm2, Register
small, Directive
smart, Directive
smla, Instruction
smlad, Instruction
smlal, Instruction
smlald, Instruction
smlaw, Instruction
smlsd, Instruction
smlsld, Instruction
smmla, Instruction
smmls, Instruction
smmul, Instruction
smsw, Instruction
smuad, Instruction
smul, Instruction
smull, Instruction
smulw, Instruction
smusd, Instruction
sp, Register
spe, Register
sph, Register
spicon, Register
spidat, Register
spim, Register
spl, Register
spr0, Register
spr1, Register
spsr, Register
sqrtpd, Instruction
sqrtps, Instruction
sqrtsd, Instruction
sqrtss, Instruction
srs, Instruction
ss, Register
ssat, Instruction
ssub, Instruction
st, Register
st(0), Register
st(1), Register
st(2), Register
st(3), Register
st(4), Register
st(5), Register
st(6), Register
st(7), Register
st0, Register
st1, Register
st2, Register
st3, Register
st4, Register
st5, Register
st6, Register
st7, Register
stack, Directive
startup, Directive
stc, Instruction
stc2, Instruction
std, Instruction
stdcall, Directive
sti, Instruction
stm, Instruction
stmxcsr, Instruction
stos, Instruction
stosb, Instruction
stosd, Instruction
stosw, Instruction
str, Instruction
strb, Instruction
strbt, Instruction
strd, Instruction
strex, Instruction
strh, Instruction
strt, Instruction
struc, Directive
struct, Directive
sub, Instruction
subb, Instruction
subpd, Instruction
subps, Instruction
subsd, Instruction
subss, Instruction
substr, Directive
subtitle, Directive
subttl, Directive
svdc, Instruction
svldt, Instruction
svts, Instruction
swap, Instruction
swi, Instruction
sword, Directive
swp, Instruction
swpb, Instruction
sxt, Instruction
symtype, Directive
syscall, Instruction
sysenter, Instruction
sysexit, Instruction
sysret, Instruction
t0, Register
t1, Register
t2, Register
t2con, Register
t2ex, Register
t3con, Register
t3fd, Register
tb8, Register
tbyte, Directive
tclk, Register
tcon, Register
teq, Instruction
test, Instruction
textequ, Directive
tf0, Register
tf1, Register
tf2, Register
th0, Register
th1, Register
th2, Register
this, Directive
ti, Register
time, Directive
timecon, Register
tiny, Directive
title, Directive
tl0, Register
tl1, Register
tl2, Register
tmod, Register
tpr, Register
tr, Register
tr0, Register
tr1, Register
tr2, Register
tr3, Register
tr4, Register
tr5, Register
tr6, Register
tr7, Register
tst, Instruction
tword, Directive
txd, Register
type, Directive
typedef, Directive
uadd, Instruction
ucomisd, Instruction
ucomiss, Instruction
uhadd, Instruction
umaal, Instruction
umlal, Instruction
umull, Instruction
union, Directive
unpckhpd, Instruction
unpckhps, Instruction
unpcklpd, Instruction
unpcklps, Instruction
unpckps, Instruction
uqadd, Instruction
uqsub, Instruction
usad, Instruction
usat, Instruction
use16, Directive
use32, Directive
uses, Directive
usub, Instruction
uxt, Instruction
v5texp, Instruction
vararg, Directive
verr, Instruction
version, Directive
verw, Instruction
vmcall, Instruction
vmclear, Instruction
vmlaunch, Instruction
vmptrld, Instruction
vmptrst, Instruction
vmread, Instruction
vmresume, Instruction
vmwrite, Instruction
vmxoff, Instruction
vmxon, Instruction
wait, Instruction
wbinvd, Instruction
wcol, Register
wdcon, Register
wde, Register
wdir, Register
wds, Register
wdwr, Register
width, Directive
wo, Operator
word, Directive
wordsize, Directive
wr, Register
wrmsr, Instruction
xadd, Instruction
xch, Instruction
xchd, Instruction
xchg, Instruction
xdata, Instruction
xgetbv, Instruction
xlat, Instruction
xlatb, Instruction
xmm, Register
xmm0, Register
xmm1, Register
xmm10, Register
xmm11, Register
xmm12, Register
xmm13, Register
xmm14, Register
xmm15, Register
xmm2, Register
xmm3, Register
xmm4, Register
xmm5, Register
xmm6, Register
xmm7, Register
xmm8, Register
xmm9, Register
xmmword, Instruction
xor, Operator
xorpd, Instruction
xorps, Instruction
xrl, Instruction
xrstor, Instruction
xsave, Instruction
xseg, Instruction
xsetbv, Instruction
ymm0, Register
ymm1, Register
ymm10, Register
ymm11, Register
ymm12, Register
ymm13, Register
ymm14, Register
ymm15, Register
ymm2, Register
ymm3, Register
ymm4, Register
ymm5, Register
ymm6, Register
ymm7, Register
ymm8, Register
ymm9, Register
zero, Register
|, Operator
^, Operator
